EPITAPH : 

How To Play:
I. Features On Card:
    1. Red --> Attack power
    2. Blue --> Mana Cost
    3. Green --> Health points

II. Features of the Game:
    1. Mana Bar(on left)--> Indicates mana of the player
    2. Points Bar(on right)--> The points bar showcases how close a player is to winning,
                               more red means the closer you are to winning,
                               more blue means the closer you are to losing.
    3. Mana Button--> Click to increase your mana, which is then used to play the cards(only usable once per turn) 
    4. Draw Button--> Click to draw a card onto your hand when you can hold more cards(only usable once per turn)
    5. Pass Button--> Click to end your turn, your turn only ends when you want it to.
                      The turn can have any amount of actions taking place, except for either a single mana or card draw.
                      You can play as many cards as you want to, as long as you have the mana or cards to do so.

III. General Rules of Epitaph:
    1. Game starts with 4 cards, 60 mana and the points bar set to the middle.
    2. Either Mana and Draw buttons can only be used once per round.
    3. When a card attacks, it can either attack an empty slot or another card directly in front of it.
    4. When a card attacks an empty slot, it moves the points bar in your favor and vice versa.
    5. Each card has a specific amount of mana required to play it, and that amount is used up as you play the card.
    6. To play a card, you need to click on the card and click on an empty slot of your choice and the card will move.
    7. The card can also be played by picking the empty slot where you want to card to be played, followed by the card itself. 
    8. When you pass your turn, the opposing cards will attack first followed by your cards.
    9. The health of a card reduces by the amount of attack power on the directy opposing card.
    10. The game will end when the points bar is fully in the favor of the opposition or you.
